# Kruize Remote Monitoring Demo

## Goal
The goal of this demo is to demonstrate the workflow of Kruize in Remote monitoring mode and project the recommendations generated by kruize on grafana dashboard. The [demo](./demo.py)  script creates experiments using the [Kruize Remote Monitoring REST APIs](https://github.com/kruize/autotune/tree/mvp_demo/design/MonitoringModeAPI.md) for the specified deployment in a namespace and updates the results containing the resource usage metrics for the deployment. It then fetches and displays the Kruize recommendations for each of the experiments created.

## Steps
This demo does the following:
- Clones the required git repositories
- Installs kubernetes cluster and prometheus if the cluster type is minikube or kind
- Installs kruize and initializes the thanos and grafana containers
- Creates an experiment by posting the input json to Kruize Monitoring REST APIs, updates the results for the experiments and fetches the Kruize recommendations
- Metric results along with the recommendations are backfilled in thanos and launches grafana in the browser
- User can login to grafana and search for pronosana-dashboard to view the cpu and memory recommendations provided by Kruize

Note: The thanos and grafana related steps above will be invoked only on specifying --visualize option, which is yet to be implemented completely.

## Pre-req
- Minikube (when -c minikube is used): Minimum 8 CPUs and 16,384 MB memory. Existing clusters will be deleted.
- kind (when -c kind is used): kind must be installed.

**WARNING:** The script deletes any existing kubernetes cluster if the cluster type is minikube or kind

## How do I run it?

```
# Run the Kruize monitoring demo using the below command:
$ ./remote_monitoring_demo.sh

Where values for demo.py are:
usage: ./remote_monitoring_demo.sh [ -c ] : cluster type. Supported types - minikube, kind, openshift. Default is minikube
                            [ -o ] : Kruize docker image, optional
                            [ -u ] : Kruize UI image, optional
                            
# If you want to restart only kruize with the specified docker image
$ ./remote_monitoring_demo.sh -r -o [kruize image]

# To terminate the demo
$ ./remote_monitoring_demo.sh -t
